https://issues.redhat.com/browse/ACM-29943 (#8650)
open-cluster-management/rhacm-docs: search/customize_search_service.adoc

oc get search search-v2-operator -n <acm-namespace> -o yaml
----

.. Configure a persistent volume claim for clusters that are in production. If the empty directory size is limited, store the PostgreSQL data on a persistent volume claim to improve search performance.

+
*Notes:*

- During installation, the default configuration for the {acm-short} PostgreSQL database uses an `emptyDir` volume for data storage.
- If a persistent volume claim is missing, the `SearchPVCNotPresent` alert is visible in the *Status* pane.

> - If a persistent volume claim for search is missing, you receive a Prometheus alert with details of possible causes.

Reviewer: @dockerymick I think the changes are mostly good - however when mentioning the new alert (it's actual name is `SearchPVCNotPresentCritical`), this is a new alert in addition to the other one.

The other alert that was already documented above, `SearchPVCNotPresent` will fire anytime the search PVC is not present, but the new alert, `SearchPVCNotPresentCritical` will only fire if the search PVC is not present and there are some conditions met on the system, enough that we think users should be alerted more critically (i.e. a critical alert rather than a warning one).

Author: Thank s Tesshu, I missed the name of the alert in the issue description.

> - If a persistent volume claim for search is missing, you receive a Prometheus alert with details of possible causes.

Author: ```suggestion
- If a persistent volume claim for search is missing and critical conditions exist, you receive the `SearchPVCNotPresentCritical` Prometheus alert.
```

 - effect: NoSchedule
  key: node-role.kubernetes.io/infra
  operator: Exists
----

.Additional resources

> For help to configure persistent storage,see link:https://docs.redhat.com/en/documentation/openshift_container_platform/4.20/html/monitoring/configuring-core-platform-monitoring#configuring-persistent-storage_storing-and-recording-data[Configuring persistent storage] in the {ocp-short} documentation

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
For help to configure persistent storage, see link:https://docs.redhat.com/en/documentation/openshift_container_platform/4.20/html/monitoring/configuring-core-platform-monitoring#configuring-persistent-storage_storing-and-recording-data[Configuring persistent storage] in the {ocp-short} documentation
```
